Enable turbopackFileSystemCacheForBuild by default (#96395)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/08-turbopack.mdx

### Build Caching

Webpack supports [disk build caching](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/cache/#cache) to improve build performance. Turbopack provides a similar feature, currently in beta. Starting with Next 16, Turbopack's filesystem cache is controlled by the following experimental flags:

- [`experimental.turbopackFileSystemCacheForDev`](/docs/app/api-reference/config/next-config-js/turbopackFileSystemCache) is enabled by default

> - [`experimental.turbopackFileSystemCacheForBuild`](/docs/app/api-reference/config/next-config-js/turbopackFileSystemCache) is enabled by default (except in non-Vercel CI environments, where it is disabled by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`experimental.turbopackFileSystemCacheForBuild`](/docs/app/api-reference/config/next-config-js/turbopackFileSystemCache) is enabled by default for local builds and on Vercel, where the build cache is likely to persist.
```

Webpack supports [disk build caching](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/cache/#cache) to improve build performance. Turbopack provides a similar feature, currently in beta. Starting with Next 16, Turbopack's filesystem cache is controlled by the following experimental flags:

- [`experimental.turbopackFileSystemCacheForDev`](/docs/app/api-reference/config/next-config-js/turbopackFileSystemCache) is enabled by default
- [`experimental.turbopackFileSystemCacheForBuild`](/docs/app/api-reference/config/next-config-js/turbopackFileSystemCache) is enabled by default for local builds and on Vercel, where the build cache is likely to persist.

> Other deployment providers can enable the build cache by default on their platform by setting `experimental.turbopackFileSystemCacheForBuild: true` from their adapter's [`modifyConfig`](/docs/app/api-reference/adapters/creating-an-adapter) hook, when their infrastructure preserves the `.next/cache` directory between builds.

Reviewer 2: Nice. Adapters is the right place for this.

| [`turbopackLocalPostcssConfig`](/docs/app/api-reference/config/next-config-js/turbopackLocalPostcssConfig)   | Resolve `postcss.config.js` from the CSS file's directory first, then the project root.                                                      | `false`       | `false`                       |
| `turbopackWorkerAssetPrefix`                                                                                 | Custom asset prefix for Web Worker URLs (entrypoint + module chunks), overriding `assetPrefix`. Mirrors webpack's `output.workerPublicPath`. | `undefined`   | `undefined`                   |

<sup>1</sup> Enabled by default for local builds and on Vercel, where the build

> cache is likely to persist. Disabled by default in other CI environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>1</sup> Enabled by default for local builds and on CI platforms (including Vercel) where the build cache is likely to persist. Disabled by default on CI platforms that have not yet opted into the feature.
```
